###############################################################################
# OpenVPN 2.0 Sample Configuration File
# for PacketiX VPN / SoftEther VPN Server
# 
# !!! AUTO-GENERATED BY SOFTETHER VPN SERVER MANAGEMENT TOOL !!!
# 
# !!! YOU HAVE TO REVIEW IT BEFORE USE AND MODIFY IT AS NECESSARY !!!
# 
# This configuration file is auto-generated. You might use this config file
# in order to connect to the PacketiX VPN / SoftEther VPN Server.
# However, before you try it, you should review the descriptions of the file
# to determine the necessity to modify to suitable for your real environment.
# If necessary, you have to modify a little adequately on the file.
# For example, the IP address or the hostname as a destination VPN Server
# should be confirmed.
# 
# Note that to use OpenVPN 2.0, you have to put the certification file of
# the destination VPN Server on the OpenVPN Client computer when you use this
# config file. Please refer the below descriptions carefully.


###############################################################################
# Specify the type of the layer of the VPN connection.
# 
# To connect to the VPN Server as a "Remote-Access VPN Client PC",
#  specify 'dev tun'. (Layer-3 IP Routing Mode)
#
# To connect to the VPN Server as a bridging equipment of "Site-to-Site VPN",
#  specify 'dev tap'. (Layer-2 Ethernet Bridgine Mode)

dev tun


###############################################################################
# Specify the underlying protocol beyond the Internet.
# Note that this setting must be correspond with the listening setting on
# the VPN Server.
# 
# Specify either 'proto tcp' or 'proto udp'.

proto udp


###############################################################################
# The destination hostname / IP address, and port number of
# the target VPN Server.
# 
# You have to specify as 'remote <HOSTNAME> <PORT>'. You can also
# specify the IP address instead of the hostname.
# 
# Note that the auto-generated below hostname are a "auto-detected
# IP address" of the VPN Server. You have to confirm the correctness
# beforehand.
# 
# When you want to connect to the VPN Server by using TCP protocol,
# the port number of the destination TCP port should be same as one of
# the available TCP listeners on the VPN Server.
# 
# When you use UDP protocol, the port number must same as the configuration
# setting of "OpenVPN Server Compatible Function" on the VPN Server.

# Note: The below hostname is came from the Dynamic DNS Client function
#       which is running on the VPN Server. If you don't want to use
#       the Dynamic DNS hostname, replace it to either IP address or
#       other domain's hostname.

remote zjb17594289qq.v4.softether.net 7083


###############################################################################
# The HTTP/HTTPS proxy setting.
# 
# Only if you have to use the Internet via a proxy, uncomment the below
# two lines and specify the proxy address and the port number.
# In the case of using proxy-authentication, refer the OpenVPN manual.

;http-proxy-retry
;http-proxy [proxy server] [proxy port]


###############################################################################
# The encryption and authentication algorithm.
# 
# Default setting is good. Modify it as you prefer.
# When you specify an unsupported algorithm, the error will occur.
# 
# The supported algorithms are as follows:
#  cipher: [NULL-CIPHER] NULL AES-128-CBC AES-192-CBC AES-256-CBC BF-CBC
#          CAST-CBC CAST5-CBC DES-CBC DES-EDE-CBC DES-EDE3-CBC DESX-CBC
#          RC2-40-CBC RC2-64-CBC RC2-CBC CAMELLIA-128-CBC CAMELLIA-192-CBC CAMELLIA-256-CBC
#  auth:   SHA SHA1 SHA256 SHA384 SHA512 MD5 MD4 RMD160

cipher AES-128-CBC
auth SHA1


###############################################################################
# Other parameters necessary to connect to the VPN Server.
# 
# It is not recommended to modify it unless you have a particular need.

resolv-retry infinite
nobind
persist-key
persist-tun
client
verb 3
auth-user-pass


###############################################################################
# The certificate file of the destination VPN Server.
# 
# The CA certificate file is embedded in the inline format.
# You can replace this CA contents if necessary.
# Please note that if the server certificate is not a self-signed, you have to
# specify the signer's root certificate (CA) here.

<ca>
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----

</ca>


###############################################################################
# The client certificate file (dummy).
# 
# In some implementations of OpenVPN Client software
# (for example: OpenVPN Client for iOS),
# a pair of client certificate and private key must be included on the
# configuration file due to the limitation of the client.
# So this sample configuration file has a dummy pair of client certificate
# and private key as follows.

<cert>
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----

</cert>

<key>
-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----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-----END PRIVATE KEY-----

</key>


